today we do a bloody mary and
it is intended to, we do it with all
very fresh tomato juice the hammer
juice is now about twelve
minutes ago what you see below is
That's why sometimes it's one of those
beautiful transparent tomato foam
the puma gets clear tomato soup
there is a bad master played
But almost everything here is the one
taste that's intents because it's not
the time you have that such a pull to
let's not because of that now
Wanting to be through some towels
just to keep this clear
At the time, being brutal does not look
if a little bit sensitive since we
I like to hear that and that
was it there is already in shape again
what comes next we make a bloody
Mary and no drink of this world
so many around so much
maybe once tasted too
partners also manage to do that, but he does
is pretty far ahead bloody
Mary is an absolute 1 in itself
a miracle is not everything, so to speak
sound bitter
one has acids as sweet one has sharpness
one has salty it down it is
treatment of s
Cocktails all very fantastic we
make it so that we see what you see here
now only by it so to speak
just was so fresh and juicy
you have really strong here
because of this the foam will be
tomato juice always stirred and then
not shaken
so to speak, so to speak
this clear beautiful image upright
receive
Let's make it all up to us
on the tomato juice shake it already
cold is mixed and then stir
start this under the tomato juice
small feature still in the bloody
Mary as we are doing right now
this is actually one, so to speak
old variant we choose to take with you
gin so you always know each other with vodka
we take you with jam and otherwise
Let's stay with the classic recipe
as often practiced with
personal
from the highest of the bartenders presidency
can bring in his character
Every time I like that, I especially like it
like half a lemon juice
then we have the chance a bit
strong men are with tabasco in
although really very reserved
A little salt should mean one again
nice rock salt are more salt to it
bring that character there as well
People who prefer something like celery
salt how to do it and then come
to
something sharper that should be enough and around
the character of the cherry tomatoes something to
emphasize and the sweet
we have to play as a secret weapon
something cherry looks powerful now
one is hot and we have each other now
opted for hennig screen
thought to have grasped at worse
who also played with castle comes
So tomato is actually very clear
so more or less that's ours
horticultural understanding
full of drinks customers have it
done so now
we would be fine strain the same
Small samples could really be here
just wear the sash which are rare
In the skin is actually always because it
yes a sweetie a bit sweet
really sharp these are the little ones
Kernel the homebase really out
but always give for the
Feinstein then work with the
proven chess coach and with the team
Unfortunately it could not be like now
Politically for a cloud of tomato
with over all the time that's it
somehow already a gift I think
so now for the finest we lift
now a little bit down then wants to
Now we give the vettel because he
would rather the whole team rather
have runners clog if that
Mix of classic red pepper
yes, always such a nice sweet black
otherwise we have a relatively mild
still the white of the tightened and
give it back a bit
blurring with it purely gives people the
do celery stem in there and can
group disc throw in meter
draufpacken
bye
O